## Introduction to Using Python
There are many tutorials and books online to learn the syntax of Python and coding concepts such as for loops and conditionals. This tutorial will instead focus on installing Python and Python libraries, and being able to run Python files from your terminal.

###  Installation Overview
There are a lot of installation options for Python. One good option is to install Anaconda. Anaconda installs Python on your computer, but it also installs many common packages in Python for data analysis. Packages are publicly available add-on tools to use with Python. Because different versions of Python have been released over time, some packages are only supported by certain Python versions. Anaconda also provides a package management environment to help you handle dependency issues between Python and package versions.

You can choose to either install Miniconda or Anaconda. Miniconda only contains Python and the conda package management environment. You can add just the specific Python packages you want installed by manually installing them with the conda package environment after you have installed Miniconda. You should take this approach if you are concerned about how much space to allocate to Python on your computer. Anaconda comes with many packages preinstalled for you, but it will take up more space.

You also need to decide which version of Python you will initially download with Anaconda or Miniconda. You can use the conda package management environment to download other versions of Python if needed once you have done your initial download. The example script in the create_spells directory was written in Python3, but could easily be modified to work in Python2 if necessary. An overview of the differences between Python2 and Python3 can be found [here](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/python-2-vs-python-3-practical-considerations-2), but unless you have preexisting support for Python2 at your organization, you may want to consider Python3 as it is the more recent version.

Instructions for downloading Anaconda can be found [here](https://www.continuum.io/downloads). Select the type of computer you have and the version of Python you wish to install to begin. This is the list of [packages](https://docs.continuum.io/anaconda/packages/pkg-docs) that come with Anaconda. You can skip downloading packages you may not use by downloading Miniconda and specifically downloading the packages you want.

Instructions for downloading Miniconda can be found [here](https://conda.io/miniconda.html). Select the type of computer you have and the version of Python you wish to install to begin. Once you have installed Miniconda you can download additional packages by running `conda install package-name` in your terminal. If you do not know how to use your terminal see the Introduction to Running Programs in a Terminal tutorial section.